"x"
"1" "it was further alleged that the united states was without any plain, adequate, and speedy remedy at law, and could only have relief in a court of equity, and that irreparable injury would be inflicted upon it in case the enforcement, assessment, and collection of such taxes were not enjoined."
"2" "although we have announced a number of principles in order to help us determine whether various forms of references to state law constitute adequate and independent state grounds,4 we openly admit that we have thus far not developed a satisfying and consistent approach for resolving this vexing issue."
"3" "it formulated a much more workable external test, that where 'property is transferred for less than an adequate and full consideration in money or money's worth,' the excess in such money value 'shall, for the purpose of the tax imposed by this title, be deemed a gift * * *.'"
"4" "7          as an initial matter, respondent asks us to vacate our grant of certiorari because, in his view, the decision of the kentucky supreme court rests on \" 'separate, adequate, and independent grounds.'"
"5" "the illinois commission is granted broad powers over the maintenance of facilities which are adequate and efficient (§§ 32, 49, public utilities act) including the power to order the making of additions, extensions, repairs, improvements, or changes."
"6" "the defendants filed an answer responding to various allegations of the bill, and averring that the complainant, so far as he had any just cause of action, had a plain, adequate, and complete remedy at law."
"7" "2       as matters now stand, the record does not disclose whether the supreme court of pennsylvania passed on appellants' federal claims or whether it denied mandamus on an adequate and independent state ground."
"8" "there is no issue raised as to whether these instructions stated an adequate and correct federal standard for determining the voluntariness of jackson's confession."
"9" "however, a sale, exchange, or other transfer of property made in the ordinary course of business (a transaction which is bona fide, at arm's length, and free from any donative intent), will be considered as made for an adequate and full consideration in money or money's worth."
"10" "st. § 723, inhibiting the maintenance of a suit in equity where the remedy at law is plain, adequate, and complete."
"11" "22       without summarizing the entire report we call attention to a finding which it contains that traffic moving under these lower intrastate fares is not contributing its fair share of the revenues required to enable appellees (the interstate carriers) to render adequate and efficient transportation service and that this 'unlawfulness should be removed by increasing' the intrastate fares to the level of the interstate fares."
"12" "subsequently the defendants filed a special motion to dismiss the bill for the alleged reason that the complainant had a plain, adequate, and complete remedy at law."
"13" "17       these causes are continued for such period as will enable counsel for petitioners with all convenient speed to apply to the supreme court of illinois for amendment, or certificate, which will show whether it intended to rest the judgments herein on an adequate and independent state ground or whether decision of the federal question was necessary to the judgment rendered."
"14" "this court from the time of its foundation has adhered to the principle that it will not review judgments of state courts that rest on adequate and independent state grounds."
"15" "the value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by including the value at the time of his death of all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever situated—         '(f) to the extent of any property passing under a general power of appointment exercised by the decedent (1) by will, or (2) by deed executed in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death, * * * except in case of a bona fide sale for an adequate and full consideration in money or money's worth; * * *'                       2          36 b.t.a."
"16" "where an examination of the decision below as to the issue of the prosecutor's comments does not indicate that it rested on adequate and independent state grounds, namely, petitioner's failure to comply with a mississippi procedural rule as to raising the issue on appeal, this court does not lack jurisdiction to decide the issue."
"17" "it is otherwise and a closed session is not required when the committee has adequate and reliable information about the other individuals the witness may mention, for their reputation would not then be 'unjustly injured' by revealing verified information in a public session."
"18" "11       it is true that ordinarily one out of possession may not bring in a federal court a bill to quiet title, against one in possession, because there is a full, adequate, and complete remedy at law and the defendant is entitled to a jury trial."
"19" "2          subsection (b) provides in pertinent part: 'where, upon the lapse of time, upon the occurrence of an event or contingency, or upon the failure of an event or contingency to occur, such interest passing to the surviving spouse will terminate or fail, no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such interest—         '(i) if an interest in such property passes or has passed (for less than an adequate and full consideration in money or money's worth) from the decedent to any person other than such surviving spouse (or the estate of such spouse); and         '(ii) if by reason of such passing such per on (or his heirs or assigns) may possess or enjoy any part of such property after such termination or failure of the interest so passing to the surviving spouse.'"
"20" "the court is without jurisdiction of the action, since 'a plain, adequate, and complete remedy could have been had at law,' as well under the well-known 16th section of the judiciary act, as on settled rule independent of it."
