"x"
"1" "the § 301 issue, how ever, is comparable to a breach of contract claim—a legal issue.7                 28       respondents' action against the union thus encompasses both equitable and legal issues."
"2" "the facts had been laid before them in letters from the secretary of the interior, the commissioner of indian affairs, and the commissioner of the general land office.6 in the letters these officers, besides reciting the facts in detail, expressed their own conclusions in the matter, which were to the effect that the settlers and allottees had acquired and improved the lands in good faith, and therefore deserved consideration; that the creek tribe was 'entitled to compensation' for the lands 'lost' by it through what had been done; that the unfortunate situation 'grew out of errors of representatives of the government,' which made it reasonable to expect the government to bear the expense of an adjustment; and that there was need for legislation under which the matter could be examined and brought to an equitable and final solution."
"3" "justice powell, but i would stress that although retroactive benefit-type seniority relief may sometimes be appropriate and equitable, competitive-type seniority relief at the expense of wholly innocent employees can rarely, if ever, be equitable if that term retains traditional meaning."
"4" "we have imposed prudential and equitable limitations upon the exercise of our original jurisdiction."
"5" "allotments shall be made in such manner and in such amounts as to provide a fair, efficient, and equitable distribution of such quota or proration thereof, by taking into consideration the processings of sugar or liquid sugar from sugar beets or sugarcane to which proportionate shares, determined pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) of section 302, pertained; the past marketings or importations of each such person; and the ability of such person to market or import that portion of such quota or proration thereof allotted to him."
"6" "the last sentence confirms the distinction, for it contemplates that a provider's basic financial information is organized according to gaap as a beginning point from which the secretary \"arrive[s] at equitable and proper payment for services.\""
"7" "it is to be observed, also, that the morgan company counted upon the certificates of the texas company, whereby it bound itself to deliver to the houston company the third mortgage bonds as so n as executed by the metropolitan company as trustee, and asked for a decree against all the defendants, declaring the amount found due to complainant, as holder of such certificates, to be 'a full, complete, perfect, and equitable mortgage and lien upon said railway, and upon all of the property, incomes, tolls, and profits in said deed of trust of october 1, 1885, described,' and prayed 'that, out of the proceeds of any sale which may be made to satisfy any decree of this honorable court, your orator's claim for said amount be paid and satisfied.'"
"8" "this undermines the icc's ability to exercise its primary jurisdiction to insure equitable and uniform rates."
"9" "see 45 cfr § 233.10(a)(1) (1993) (\"the eligibility conditions imposed . . . must not result in inequitable treatment of individuals or groups\");  § 233.20(a)(1)(i) (\"the determination of need and amount of assistance for all applicants [must] be made on an objective and equitable basis\")."
"10" "essentially the methods of determining costs      payable under medicare involve making use of data available      from the institution's basis accounts, as usually maintained,      to arrive at equitable and proper payment for services to      beneficiaries.\""
"11" "the prayer for an injunction was refused, a hearing on the question of damages was denied because of the misjoinder of equitable and legal causes of action, and the bill way dismissed for want of equity, without prejudice, and with judgment against the plaintiff for costs."
"12" "whatever, then, is the law, it must prevail: but it will not be denied, that a claim to a liberal and equitable construction of an ambiguous law, never was better founded."
"13" "the distinctive circumstances of a particular case determine whether law is fairly administered in that case, through a disinterested judgment on the basis of what has been formally presented inside the courtroom on explicit considerations, instead of being subjected to extraneous factors psychologically calculated to disturb the exercise of an impartial and equitable judgment."
"14" "if that be its meaning, an action like the present can be maintained in the courts of that state, where equitable and legal remedies are enforced by the same system of procedure, and by the same tribunals."
"15" "whatever, then, is the law, it must prevail: but it will not be denied, that a claim to a liberal and equitable construction of an ambiguous law, never was better founded."
"16" "consistent with this national policy, bona fide conscientious objection * * * by persons who are members of the armed forces will be recognized to the extent practicable and equitable."
"17" "it consented that the matters and facts established and proven as against its co-defendants may be considered as established and proven against it, and such judgment accordingly entered as might be equitable and proper."
"18" "the decision of the court of appeals would deprive the government of this equitable and effective means of protecting intelligence that may contribute to national security."
"19" "6       on their face, these goals of individual fairness, reasonable consistency, and absence of error appear to be attainable: courts are in the very business of erecting procedural devices from which fair, equitable, and reliable outcomes are presumed to flow."
"20" "the suit was brought on the theory that by the selection the selector acquired 'the full, complete and equitable title' to the selected land, notwithstanding he had not submitted any proof of nonoccupancy, and that the protests were not such as could be entertained or investigated by the land department."
