"x"
"1" "2       * the factual and procedural background of this case, which has prompted two prior decisions of this court, requires some elaboration."
"2" "the state has attempted only to prescribe what shall be orthodox in commercial advertising, and its prescription has taken the form of a requirement that appellant include in his advertising purely factual and uncontroversial information about the terms under which his services will be available."
"3" "(1) unlike the rule in zauderer, the licensed notice is not limited to     “purely factual and uncontroversial information about the terms un-     der which . . . services will be available,” 471 u.s., at 651."
"4" "the probable-cause standard is a “nontechnical concep­ tion that deals with the factual and practical considera­ tions of everyday life on which reasonable and prudent men, not legal technicians, act.”"
"5" "but other threshold issues may similarly involve a brush with \"factual and legal issues of the underlying dispute.\""
"6" "fed.rule civ.proc. 23(c)(1).11 second, the class determination generally involves considerations that are \"enmeshed in the factual and legal issues comprising the plaintiff's cause of action.\""
"7" "we reject, however, petitioner's distinction between factual and legal issues."
"8" "975-976.       (c) the factual and legal context in which the issues of this case arise has not materially changed since kiewit i, and thus the normal rules of preclusion should operate to relieve the parties of \"redundant litigation [over] the identical question of the statute's application to the taxpayer's status.\""
"9" "(now), a national nonprofit organization that supports the legal availability of abortion, and two health care centers that perform abortions.2 our earlier decision provides a substantial description of the factual and procedural history of this litigation, see national organization for women, inc. v."
"10" "“ ‘[t]he class determination generally involves considera tions that are enmeshed in the factual and legal issues comprising the plaintiff ’s cause of action.’"
"11" "28       moreover, as the court acknowledges, \"reasonable suspicion\" and  \"probable cause\" are \"commonsense, nontechnical conceptions that deal  with ` \"the factual and practical considerations of everyday life on  which reasonable and prudent men, not legal technicians, act.\""
"12" "12          there are, of course, factual and legal questions to be considered in deciding whether a juror is qualified."
"13" "the essen- tially factual and individual nature of the inquiry should not be glossed with legal concepts.”"
"14" "this would cut deeply into the policy of the norris-laguardia act and make the courts potential participants in a wide range of arbitrable disputes under the many existing and future collectivebargaining contracts,12 not just for the purpose of enforcing promises to arbitrate, which was the limit of boys markets, but for the purpose of preliminarily dealing with the merits of the factual and legal issues that are subjects for the arbitrator and of issuing injunctions that would otherwise be forbidden by the norris-laguardia act."
"15" "what makes a system adversarial rather than inquisitorial is not the presence of counsel, much less the presence of counsel where the defendant has not requested it;  but rather, the presence of a judge who does not (as an inquisitor does) conduct the factual and legal investigation himself, but instead decides on the basis of facts and arguments pro and con adduced by the parties."
"16" "in burns, the court focused upon \"the extraordinary case in which the district court, on its own initiative and contrary to the expectations both the defendant and the government, decides that the factual and legal predicates for a departure are satisfied.\""
"17" "thomas, 516 u.s. 349, 355 (1996), \"[a]ncillary jurisdiction may extend to claims having a factual and logical dependence on `the primary lawsuit.'\""
"18" "but before the trial we deal only with probabilities that 'are not technical; they are the factual and practical considerations of everyday life on which reasonable and prudent men, not legal technicians, act.'"
"19" "although the state may at times \"prescribe what shall be orthodox in commercial adver- tising\" by requiring the dissemination of \"purely factual and uncontroversial information,\" zauderer v."
"20" "thus, mapp reassessed the factual and conceptual underpinnings of wolf in light of intervening cases and empirical data."
