"x"
"1" "the sale made under it was, so far as the record shows, fair and regular; the time within which the property sold could be redeemed was shown by the public records, it was well known to the agent of appellant."
"2" "to put into the case now an issue heretofore kept out of it and thereby reach another value would be a denial of a full and fair hearing by the tribunals of the state, a denial forbidden by the constitution of the nation."
"3" "16       the statutory system embodied in § 34 was intended to provide a method for the fair and equitable distribution of vested enemy assets to american residents."
"4" "after a full and fair hearing the trial court gave judgment therefor."
"5" "pennsylvania's position was based upon the doctrine of fair and equitable apportionment, and new york's proposed diversion had to be resisted to the extent it might amount to a diversion of more than a fair and equitable share."
"6" "but general statements of the law are not inherently incapable of giving fair and clear warning, and in other instances a general constitutional rule already identified in the decisional law may apply with obvious clarity to the specific conduct in question, even though `the very action in question has [not] previously been held unlawful,' anderson, supra, at 640.\""
"7" "at least since magna carta people have desired to have a system of courts with set rules of procedure of their own and with certain institutional assurances of fair and unbiased resolution of controversies."
"8" "in the second paragraph, the court stated that \"[t]he test requires that legislation constitute a means that is 'reasonable, not arbitrary and rests \"upon some ground of difference having a fair and substantial relation to the object of the legislation . . .,\" ' \" quoting from a decision of the texas supreme court, texas woman's university v."
"9" "on numerous occasions it purchased and sold in order to maintain fair and equitable markets and, as far as possible, has tried to prevent wide fluctuation in prices."
"10" "89       respondent has never attempted to rebut the presumption by claiming that the factfinding procedure employed by iowa in considering new trial motions in any sense deprived him of a full and fair hearing or failed to provide a sufficient basis for denying his motion.3  although respondent's argument to this court in large part assumes that the precluded testimony would have been false, see brief for respondent 10-11, he contends, first, that the record does not fairly support the conclusion that he intended to perjure himself because he claimed in his first written statement that love had been pulling a pistol from under a pillow at the time of the stabbing, see app. 55, and, second, that whether robinson had sufficient knowledge to conclude he was going to commit perjury was a mixed question of law and fact to which the presumption of correctness does not apply."
"11" "by § 2(a) the administrator is authorized, after consultation with representative members of the industry so far as practicable, to promulgate regulations fixing prices of commodities which 'in his judgment will be generally fair and equitable and will effectuate the purposes of this act' when, in his judgment, their prices 'have risen or threaten to rise to an extent or in a manner inconsistent with the purposes of this act.'"
"12" "the case is not to be treated, therefore, in its subsequent consideration, as one in which frieberg, klein & co. held these notes and accounts as security for their debt, but as one in which they became the owners of them absolutely, if the transaction was fair and honest."
"13" "it was conducted in an entirely fair and impartial manner."
"14" "153       'in such drafts,' &c., imports amount of all drafts to  10, 000—this is the natural and fair import."
"15" "the hope of securing an arrangement which is fair and equitable and in the best interests of unsecured creditors, without some readjustment of the rights of stockholders such as may be had under chapter x, but is precluded by chapter xi, is at best but negligible and, if accomplished at all, must be without the aids to the protection of creditors and the public interest which are provided by chapter x, and which would seem to be indispensable to a just determination whether the plan is fair and equitable."
"16" "indeed, the interest of an alert and interested citizen is an essential element of an effective and fair government, whether on the local, state or national level.10  a federal court, however, is not the proper forum to press such claims unless the requirements for entry and the prerequisites for injunctive relief are satisfied."
"17" "2          section 1213(e) provides: 'in determining excessive profits favorable recognition must be given to the efficiency of the contractor or subcontractor, with particular regard to attainment of quantity and quality production, reduction of costs, and economy in the use of materials, facilities, and manpower; and in addition, there shall be taken into consideration the following factors:         '(1) reasonableness of costs and profits, with particular regard to volume of production, normal earnings, and comparison of war and peacetime products;         '(2) the net worth, with particular regard to the amount and source of public and private capital employed;         '(3) extent of risk assumed, including the risk incident to reasonable pricing policies;         '(4) nature and extent of contribution to the defense effort, including inventive and developmental contribution and cooperation with the government and other contractors in supplying technical assistance;         '(5) character of business, including source and nature of materials, complexity of manufacturing technique, character and extent of subcontracting, and rate of turnover;         '(6) such other factors the consideration of which the public interest and fair and equitable dealing may require, which factors shall be published in the regulations of the board from time to time as adopted.'"
"18" "the amount of the charges and the method of collection are primarily for determination by the state itself; and so long as they are reasonable and are fixed according to some uniform, fair, and practical standard, they constitute no burden on interstate commerce.'"
"19" "are the terms of the order providing for inclusion of the protected roads in the n & w system fair and equitable and in the public interest?"
"20" "we are, nevertheless, in familiar waters because \"the judiciary has traditionally taken the lead in formulating flexible and fair remedies in the law maritime.\""
