"x"
"1" "valdivia-flores falsely identified himself as another person and presented a false and fraudulent united states certification of naturalization."
"2" "the fraudulent and deceptive nature of that language is, as cftc posits, established as a matter of law in precedent."
"3" "relying on christopher, they argue that mobil's deceptive and fraudulent conduct, in violation of erisa, vitiated the voluntariness of their decisions to retire."
"4" "30       lastly, the allegation that the united states used elevated detection levels is without merit, for there is no evidence in the record that the army chose the detection levels in a deliberate and fraudulent effort to conceal information from the appellants."
"5" "that same government witness also testified  that croteau’s false, fictitious, and fraudulent financial instruments nevertheless  exhibited “indicia or hallmarks . . . intended to make [them] appear genuine.”"
"6" "the government had notice of the ineffective assistance issue in the motion to withdraw plea of guilty due to inadequate and fraudulent representa- tion by legal counsel, but did not put on any opposing testi- mony."
"7" "therefore, for purposes of this action, it is established that zahl  arepeatedly engaged in deceitful and fraudulent conduct."
"8" "based on this record, it is difficult to determine whether this exposure to legal liability is a sincere act of conscience by iskcon devotees or a calculated decision to risk occasional punishment as a cost of engaging in a highly profitable, and fraudulent, conduct."
"9" "the indictments alleged that both defendants \"did knowingly and willfully make and cause to be made false, fictitious and fraudulent statements and a false writing and document, that is, miniscribe's form 10-k report for fiscal year 1987, submitted to the sec.\""
"10" "count two alleged that fries “did knowingly and willfully make false, fraudulent, and fictitious material statements and representations, in a matter within the jurisdiction of the federal bureau of investigation” in violation of 18 u.s.c. § 1001(a)(2)."
"11" "any rational trier of fact could  have found the misrepresentations to be false and fraudulent."
"12" "state tort law claims     [14] the district court based its dismissal of livid’s state tort claims for fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation on its holding that livid’s reliance on the notice’s statements was unreasonable."
"13" "in addition, count 1 alleges that daily and figge caused loan applications and other documents to be submitted to issb, \"while knowing the same to have been obtained by way of false and fraudulent pretenses, representations and promises.\""
"14" "17       a reading of the indictment in this case shows that the defendant was charged with devising a scheme \"to defraud and obtain property from the pharmaceutical companies named in.... this indictment.... by means of false and fraudulent pretenses....\""
"15" "washington] engaged in a scheme or artifice to defraud or to obtain money by means of false and fraudulent pretenses; (2) he did so with the intent to defraud; and (3) he used [a private or commercial interstate carrier] to facilitate that scheme.\" <i>united states v."
"16" "9       we think the crime is complete when with willful intent, a false and fraudulent return is filed for a year as to which, with all benefits arising out of events up to that time taken in his favor, there would still be a tax due by him but for the fraud...."
"17" "plaintiffs do not contest that     “italian insolvency law proscribes both preferential and fraudulent transfers.”"
"18" "in sum, the complaint characterizes celexa study  18's results as \"fraudulent and misleading.\""
"19" "§ 2 (count two); causing sums of money to be transmitted by wire in interstate commerce by means of materially false and fraudulent pretenses, representations, and promises for the purpose of executing a scheme or artifice to defraud, in violation of 18 u.s.c. §§ 1343 and 2 (count three); and uttering a forged security with the intent to deceive another person and organization, in violation of 18 u.s.c. §§ 513(a) and 2 (count four)."
"20" "moreover, as distinguished from <i>schroeder,</i> the district court did not merely treat the false and fraudulent items as attributable to littrice because she helped prepare the returns."
