"x"
"1" "the diligent and honest prosecution of a suit to judgment, with a return of nulla bona, has always been regarded as one of the extreme tests of due diligence."
"2" "if the sale was honest and fair, and for a fair price, it could make no difference that the creditors might not be paid in full."
"3" "the main text of the advertisement appealed to the electorate to 'encourage responsible, honest, and truthful campaigning.'"
"4" "she is entitled to an honest and faithful compliance on the part of the government, with all the terms of pardon and exemption as to herself and her property of that proclamation."
"5" "shevin, supra, we nonetheless have recognized that the line between honest and thoughtful appraisal of the effects of past discrimination and paternalistic stereotyping is not so clear and that a statute based on the latter is patently capable of stigmatizing all women with a badge of inferiority."
"6" "whatever may have been the doctrine in former times, we have traced, with pleasure, the progress of improvement, upon the subject of interest, to the honest and rational rule, that, wherever one man retains the money of another, against his declared will, the legal compensation, for the use of money, shall be charged and allowed."
"7" "equity will not exact more of them.16 they are not liable for a loss by theft without their fault.17 but this exemption ceases when they mix the trust-money with their own, whereby it loses its identity, and they become mere debtors.18 receivers, appointed by the court, though held to a stricter accountability than trustees, on account of their compensation, are nevertheless not liable for a loss without their fault; and they are entitled to manage the property and transact the business in their hands in the usual and accustomed way.19 a marshal appointed by a court of admiralty to take care of a ship and cargo is responsible only for a prudent and honest execution of his commission.20 'every man,' says sir william scott, 'who undertakes a commission incurs all the responsibility that belongs to a prudent and honest execution of that commission."
"8" "the preamble recites, 'whereas of late many idle and vagrant persons are come into this province, and, under pretence of being hawkers or pedlars, and carrying goods from house to house within this province to sell, have greatly imposed upon many people, as well in the quality as in the price of the goods, and under colour of selling their wares and merchandizes, have entered into the houses of many honest and sober people, in the absence of the owner, or owners, of the said houses, and committed felonies and other misdemeanors, to the great prejudice of the inhabitants of this province."
"9" "ala.code, tit. 30, § 21 (1958) provides:         'qualifications of persons on jury roll.—the jury commission shall place on the jury roll and in the jury box the names of all male citizens of the county who are generally reputed to be honest and intelligent men and are esteemed in the community for their integrity, good character and sound judgment; but no person must be selected who is under twenty-one or who is an habitual drunkard, or who, being afflicted with a permanent disease or physical weakness is unfit to discharge the duties of a juror; or cannot read english or who has ever been convicted of any offense involving moral turpitude."
"10" "this anomalous condition makes the question of the applicability of the laws of congress on this subject to offenses under the state statutes for the regulation of the casting, returning, and counting of votes somewhat complex, but the power, under the constitution of the united states, of congress to make such provisions as are necessary to secure the fair and horest conduct of an election at which a member of congress is elected, as well as the preservation, proper return, and counting of the votes cast thereat, and in fact, whatever is necessary to an honest and fair certification of such election, cannot be questioned."
"11" "at such times, 'an honest and intelligent forecast of probable future values, made upon a view of all the relevant circumstances' (southwestern bell telephone co. v."
"12" "to ensure full and honest disclosure, to discourage      fraudulent attempts to evade the tax, congress imposes      sanctions."
"13" "the proceedings required by the general law for the arrest and detention of a party for a public offence—the charge under oath, the examination of witnesses in the presence of the accused with the privilege of cross-examination, and of producing testimony in his favor, creating the objectionable delays—constitute the shield and safeguard of the honest and loyal citizen."
"14" "whatever may have been the doctrine in former times, we have traced, with pleasure, the progress of improvement, upon the subject of interest, to the honest and rational rule, that, wherever one man retains the money of another, against his declared will, the legal compensation, for the use of money, shall be charged and allowed."
"15" "17       free and honest elections are the very foundation of our republican form of government."
"16" "whatever may have been the doctrine in former times, we have traced, with pleasure, the progress of improvement, upon the subject of interest, to the honest and rational rule, that, wherever one man retains the money of another, against his declared will, the legal compensation, for the use of money, shall be charged and allowed."
"17" "thus, the act of 1729, was passed, because street vendues, &c. had become a nuisance; no revenue, or other public object, than to ensure fair dealing, was contemplated; and the condition of the bond was simply 'for the honest and due execution of the office.'"
"18" "where a proper and honest discretion is exercised, the legatee takes all that the testator gave or intended that he should have; that is, so much as in the honest and reasonable exercise of that discretion he is entitled to."
"19" "no doubt satisfaction of the requirement of moral character involves an exercise of delicate judgment on the part of those who reach a conclusion, having heard and seen the applicant for admission, a judgment of which it may be said as it was of 'many honest and sensible judgments' in a different context that it expresses 'an intuition of experience which outruns analysis and sums up many unnamed and tangled impressions,—impressions which may lie beneath conciousness without losing their worth.'"
"20" "while no criticism is made of the claimant, who was a simple mechanic, and, as found by the court of claims, 'a faithful, intelligent, and capable employ e, whose services were of great value to the government,' and whose conduct was 'fair, honest, and irreproachable,' and while the government appears to have profited largely by his inventive skill, we are of opinion, for the reasons above stated, that the appeal in his behalf should be addressed to the generosity of the legislative, rather than to the justice of the judicial, department."
