"x"
"1" "it alleged that the common purpose running through the state's legal and administrative history during that time has been to adopt whatever expedient seemed necessary to establish white political supremacy in a completely segregated society."
"2" "the court was requested by the proposed charge to say to the jury, that a certified copy of a notice and proof of publication offered in evidence by the plaintiffs, were a part of the record of the proceedings of the tippecanoe circuit court, and, as such, might explain and qualify the statement of the record itself, that proof was made that 'due and legal notices had been given,' which charge the court refused to give, but charged the jury that the said record of the tippecanoe circuit court is not void, and that the above proof, so produced and given in evidence by the said defendant, is competent evidence to show a dedication to public use, and the title of the premises out of the lessors of the plaintiffs."
"3" "208       sometimes, as in the case of pre emptioners, they are authorized to decide on the fact of cultivation or not; and here, from the words used, no less than their character, they must be considered as empowered to decide on the true location of grants or confirmations, but not on the legal and often complicated question of title, involving also the whole interests of the parties, and yet allowing no appeal or revision elsewhere."
"4" "it is this record of the decision of the circuit court of tippecanoe county, and particularly that portion of it which states that the decision was pronounced after proper and legal notices had been given to the heirs of samuel sargeant, that the plaintiffs asked of the court to charge was irregular and void, upon the strength of a paper purporting to be a notice which they urged the court to consider as a part of the record of the proceedings of the tippecanoe circuit court, and as such, explaining and qualifying the statement in that record, that proof was made to the court of due and legal notice to the heirs of samuel sargeant."
"5" "18       the proposition here laid down is in harmony with the generally recognized principle that the rights of the garnisher do not rise above, or extend beyond, those of his debtor; that the garnishee shall not, by operation of the proceedings against him, be placed in any worse condition than he would have been in, had the principal debtor's claim been enforced against him directly; that the liability, legal and equitable, of the garnishee to the principal debtor, is a measure of his liability to the attaching creditor, who takes the shoes of the principal debtor, and can assert only the rights of the latter."
"6" "these directions must be regarded as subsidiary to the general objects of his will, and whether legal and practicable, or otherwise, can exert no influence over the question of its validity."
"7" "there could be no rational basis for any demand that would affect value to the owner for reservoir purposes unless, as a legal and practical possibility, he or some other person or persons—other than the expropriating authority—could have acquired the right to flow the lands necessary for the lawful raising of the lake."
"8" "however, when an alternative forum has jurisdiction to hear the case, and when trial in the chosen forum would \"establish . . . oppressiveness and vexation to a defendant . . . out of all proportion to plaintiff's convenience,\" or when the \"chosen forum [is] inappropriate because of considerations affecting the court's own administrative and legal problems,\" the court may, in the exercise of its sound discretion, dismiss the case."
"9" "it cannot be denied that the inquiries directed by those officers were within the scope of their power, and in the performance of a moral and legal duty, and that the communication to their constituents of the evidence collected by them, and their conclusions upon the evidence, was a privileged communication in the absence of any malice or bad faith."
"10" "in each case the bonds or other deeds are void as to such conditions, covenants or grants, which are illegal; and are good as to all others which are legal and unexceptionable in their purport."
"11" "after which conclusion the owner having 'been made to know the lands which belong to him, for a sign of true possession and customary form, pulled up grass and stones, and threw to the four winds of heaven, in manifestation of the legal and legitimate possession which he for himself took.'"
"12" "that the king of england, in conformity with the laws of nations and the laws of england, could convey, in the year 1664, to a subject of his realm, a valid title to lands covered by the water of bays, rivers and arms of the sea, where the tide ebbs and flows, in the then province of new jersey; and that the courts of the united states cannot, according to the well-established principles of the laws of nations, of the laws of england, and of the laws of the united states, as applicable to grants of land within the united states, pronounce such a conveyance void, for the want of constitutional and legal power in the king to make the grant."
"13" "and since both general and legal sources define \"income\" as involving gain, see, e.g., webster's third new international dictionary 1143 (1976) (\"a gain or recurrent benefit that is usu. measured in money . . .\")"
"14" "46       'i decide that this transfer was in all respects legal and valid, being founded on a good and valuable consideration, and that it vested in the plaintiff in this action all the rights, privileges, and benefits accruing to the new york corporation under its contracts with the defendant, including contracts a and b, which contracts have been slightly modified by the parties as to price and terms of sale."
"15" "6.7  we believe that in the main, the issues that arise in forum non conveniens determinations will substantially overlap factual and legal issues of the underlying dispute, making such determinations unsuited for immediate appeal as of right under § 1291."
"16" "chief justice taney, after observing that, although the common law had been adopted in texas, the forms and rules of pleading in common-law cases had been abolished, and the parties were at liberty to set out their respective claims and defenses in any form that would bring them before the court, said: 'atho ugh the forms and proceedings and practice in the state courts have been adopted in the district court, yet the adoption of the state practice must not be understood as confounding the principles of law and equity, nor as authorizing legal and equitable claims to be blended together in one suit."
"17" "now that the federal courts' legal and equitable powers are combined, petitioners conclude that henkel cannot control the scope of a federal court's powers to exceed the limits set by statute."
"18" "our cases have often recognized that congress is committed to a policy of supporting tribal self-government and self-determination.20  that policy favors a rule that will provide the forum whose jurisdiction is being challenged the first opportunity to evaluate the factual and legal bases for the challenge.21  moreover the orderly administration of justice in the federal court will be served by allowing a full record to be developed in the tribal court before either the merits or any question concerning appropriate relief is addressed.22  the risks of the kind of \"procedural nightmare\" that has allegedly developed in this case will be minimized if the federal court stays its hand until after the tribal court has had a full opportunity to determine its own jurisdiction23 and to rectify any errors it may have made.24 exhaustion of tribal court remedies, moreover, will encourage tribal courts to explain to the parties the precise basis for accepting jurisdiction, and will also provide other courts with the benefit of their expertise in such matters in the event of further judicial review.25          iii            23       our conclusions that § 1331 encompasses the federal question whether a tribal court has exceeded the lawful limits of its jurisdiction, and that exhaustion is required before such a claim may be entertained by a federal court, require that we reverse the judgment of the court of appeals."
"19" "sobel, eye-witness identification: legal and practical problems, §§ 3.01, 3.02, 30 (1972); hammelmann & williams, identification parades ii, crim.l.rev."
"20" "20       in view of all the legal and factual circumstances of this case, graddick's application falls far distant from this exacting standard."
