"x"
"1" "in affirming, the reviewing court finds only that the agency's conclusion \"was a reasonable one and thus may not be set aside by the courts although a contrary decision may 'have been reasonable and also sustainable.'"
"2" "that standard provides little real guidance to the judge, and his decision must necessarily reflect personal and societal values and mores whose enforcement upon the minor particularly when contrary to her own informed and reasonable decision—is fundamentally at odds with privacy interests underlying the constitutional protection afforded to her decision."
"3" "the question is what a reasonable and prudent person would have done under the circumstances."
"4" "indeed, it is apparent from the commission's opinions that it regarded this paragraph as requiring it to condemn the existing rates as unreasonable and unlawful, although, had they been considered independently of the paragraph, they must have been upheld as reasonable and lawful under the applicable sections, 1(5) and 3(1), of the existing law."
"5" "there was little need for the founders to draft a written constitution if this court can say it is only binding when a majority finds it fair, reasonable, and right to make it so."
"6" "'respondent, therefore, having in view the rules of practice prescribed by this court for the government of the circuit court, held that since, if he had overruled the exceptions to the answer, complainants would have been entitled to file replication, as provided by rule 66 in equity, and, if they desired it, to have leave to amend their bill, under rule 45, he did not, nor does, believe this court, in reversing the decree, meant to deprive complainants of these rights; but inferred rather, as the more reasonable and logical deduction, that when the circuit court had retraced its steps to the point where the first error occurred, the parties would stand, in respect of the case and of each other, as if, in the progress of the cause, it had but then arrived at that juncture."
"7" "the agency's decision, therefore, to assert  jurisdiction over these attachments is reasonable and entitled to our deference."
"8" "the concrete case arising upon the petition and the demurrer is this: a public corporation, charged by law with the duty of causing a large body of lands, principally swamp and slough lands, to be drained and made capable of cultivation, has, under direct legislative authority, adopted a reasonable and suitable plan to accomplish that object."
"9" "when the measure of duty is ordinary and reasonable care, and the degree of care varies according to circumstances, the question of negligence is necessarily for the jury.'"
"10" "16       after pointing out that there could be no just principle requiring a higher degree of certainty in the evidence upon which the damages are to be estimated than in reference to other branches of the case, the court said that, where from the nature of the case damages could not be measured with certainty by a fixed rule, the facts and circumstances tending to show the probable amount of such damages should be submitted to the jury to enable them to form                 17       -'such reasonable and probable estimate, as in the exercise      of good sense and sound judgment they shall think will      produce adequate compensation."
"11" "43       finally, we rejected the state's argument that medicaid providers' right to \"reasonable and adequate\" reimbursement is \"too vague and amorphous\" for judicial enforcement."
"12" "13          \"while the referendum provision of the statute has not heretofore been construed by this court, we believe that the reasonable and proper construction of the statute supports the position of the plaintiff to the effect that the referendum-election provision applies only to a comprehensive type of zoning ordinance and does not apply to an altering or amending ordinance.\""
"13" "the house version of the amendment would have provided: \"[t]he carrier liable for the payment of  . . .  compensation shall have a lien on the proceeds of any recovery from [a] third person, whether by judgment, settlement, or otherwise, after the deduction of the reasonable and necessary expenditures, including attorney's fees, incurred in effecting such recovery, to the extent of the total amount of compensation awarded under, or provided, or estimated, by this act  . . . .\""
"14" "b            41       the government contends that petitioners may not obtain judicial review under the apa on the theory that the biological opinion does not constitute \"final agency action,'' 5 u.s.c. §704, because it does not conclusively determine the manner in which klamath project water will be allocated:                 42       \"whatever the practical likelihood that the [bureau] would      adopt the reasonable and prudent alternatives (including the      higher lake levels) identified by the service, the bureau was      not legally obligated to do so."
"15" "16       'in the instant case, it is both reasonable and necessary      that the distributors (except for sales to approved dealers)      and direct dealers and dealers be limited to selling to the      purchasing public, in order that they may be compelled to      develop properly the full potential of sales of white trucks      in their respective territories, and to assure the white      motor company that the persons selling white trucks to the      purchasing public shall be fair and honest, to the end of      increasing and perpetuating sales of white trucks in      competition with other makes of trucks; and it is reasonable      and necessary that the white motor company reserve to itself      the exclusive right to sell white trucks to federal and state      governments or any department or political subdivision      thereof rather than to sell such trucks to such governments      or departments or political subdivisions thereof through      distributors or dealers, and the white motor company should      have a perfect right so to do."
"16" "the condition or contingency, forbidding the slaves to be sold or carried out of the state, was, as applied to that peculiar kind of property, a humane and reasonable one."
"17" "no such agreement shall be approved, nor shall continued approval be permitted for any agreement (1) between carriers not members of the same conference or conferences of carriers serving different trades that would otherwise be naturally competitive, unless in the case of agreements between carriers, each carrier, or in the case of agreements between conferences, each conference, retains the right of independent action, or (2) in respect to any conference agreement, which fails to provide reasonable and equal terms and conditions for admission and readmission to conference membership of other qualified carriers in the trade, or fails to provide that any member may withdraw from membership upon reasonable notice without penalty for such withdrawal."
"18" "we therefore conclude that the genuine take-home prescription, intended, for a limited and reasonable time, as a continuation of, or supplement to, the treatment that was administered at the hospital to the patient who needed, and now continues to need, that treatment, is for the hospital's \"own use.\""
"19" "st. § 7478), which authorizes him to make other arrangements if he cannot contract for the carriage of the mail upon a railway route at a compensation not exceeding the maximum rates then established, or for what he deems reasonable and fair."
"20" "the contract provided that the washburn & moen company should enter upon the manufacture of barbed fence wire under the kelly patents aforesaid, and use reasonable and diligent efforts to supply the demand for this article throughout the country, and also should use proper and reasonable diligence in prosecuting infringers of the several letters patent as aforesaid, or any of them, to the end that said patents might be fully enforced and sustained."
