"x"
"1" "butz's financial interests above grc's interests and was for the unlawful and improper purpose of avoiding and delaying grc's right to recover under the fireman's fund umbrella policy,\" and that \"fireman's fund, gilberg & kiernan, and mr."
"2" "this court has stated that, to successfully raise duress as a defense, the defendant must show that (1) there was a present and unlawful threat and a well-grounded apprehension of death or serious injury;  (2) the defendant did not recklessly or negligently place himself in a situation in which duress could arise;  (3) the defendant did not have a reasonable legal alternative to violating the law;  and (4) there was a direct causal relationship between the criminal act and avoidance of the threatened harm."
"3" "in count i, the creasons sought a declaratory judgment and injunctive relief against the special assessment, alleging the special assessment \"constitutes an unlawful and unauthorized cloud and lien on [the creasons'] title\" and asking the court to declare the special assessment \"null and void.\""
"4" "counsel for  nhb then requested that the jury be supplementally instructed, arguing that it was  “inappropriate and unlawful” for an employer to call an employee’s medical  provider as wilson’s counsel had argued nhb should have done, and that it was  misleading to state to the jury otherwise."
"5" "penal code § 261  (defining rape as sexual intercourse accomplished “against a person’s will by  means of . . . fear of immediate and unlawful bodily injury”); cal."
"6" "this, shaikh suggests, was unconstitutional and unlawful con- duct if motivated by discriminatory animus."
"7" "without anything in jishiashvili's testimony suggesting that he was believed to be a co-conspirator in the assassination attempts, the ij did not understand why the government would take the clandestine and unlawful steps of beating him and burning down his business only to have him sign a piece of paper implicating suspects that were apparently already in custody."
"8" "instruction no. 22 informed the jury that to convict either defendant, they  must find, among other things, that he “knowingly and voluntarily involved  himself in [the charged] conspiracy,” that proof of the conspiracy required a  showing “beyond a reasonable doubt that the members . . . came to a mutual  understanding to try to accomplish a common and unlawful plan,” that the jury  must “determine whether the particular defendant was a member of [the]  conspiracy,” and that “the government must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that  [defendant] was aware of the common purpose and was a willing participant with  the intent to advance the purposes of the conspiracy.”"
"9" "the bia adopted the ij's decision as its own, and that decision was \"neither thoroughly reasoned nor consistent with prior ... case law.\" <i>id.</i> the ij erroneously assumed that all section 236 violations required the \"willful and unlawful violation\" of another's personal liberty, but as discussed <i>supra,</i> misdemeanor convictions do not require willfulness."
"10" "the naacp complaint also alleges that the gerrymandering was done with the deliberate and unlawful intent to dilute african-american voting strength in the fillmore district."
"11" "arrests outside the authority granted by these statutes are unlawful and invalid (unless they can be upheld as citizens' arrests under the common or statute law of the state where they took place), and anything seized incidentally to the arrest must be suppressed as evidence, absent some exception to the exclusionary rule."
"12" "herrold’s chief argument has not changed, but now attacks different aspects of the section 30.02(a)(3) formulation: its alleged lack of specific-intent and unlawful-breaking requirements."
"13" "asserting causes of action for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, bad faith, violation of public policy, and negligence, calico alleges that defendants conspired to “increas[e calico’s] premiums to [an] unlawful and unregulated rate level” by failing to provide cost-containing services such as proper claims investigations, proper defense of false and fraudulent claims, on site safety investigations, the recommending of safety improvements, and the distribution of safety materials to employees."
"14" "the university alleges that, prior to the order's issuance, appellee's businesses were a nuisance and a threat to public safety because they were the locus of a variety of disorderly and unlawful activities, including assaults, batteries, and curfew and truancy violations."
"15" "in november 1997, the ipc filed the current lawsuit against m & m alleging: (1) trademark infringement in violation of 15 u.s.c. § 1114, (2) false designation of origin and dilution in violation of 15 u.s.c. § 1125, and (3) unlawful and unfair competition in violation of various new york and idaho statutes and common law."
"16" "for the school district to act in the manner it did is clearly arbitrary and unlawful."
"17" "a sampling of its seventeen counts reads as follows:  the complaint charged the existence of a \"scheme\" to \"set-up\" and \"frame\" the plaintiffs (app. at 27-28);  it claimed that because of the \"concerted unlawful and malicious detention, ... indictment, ... public prosecutions of the plaintiffs, [and] sham proceedings,\" plaintiffs were deprived of their liberty without due process of law and deprived of the equal protection of the laws (app. at 18);  it alleged that the expert witnesses committed fraud in their testimony (appellant's app. at 65-66);  it sought relief for \"gross and willful oppression and ... willful abuse of process\" by the parents who reported the alleged abuse and caused criminal complaints to be filed against the plaintiffs (app. at 49-50, 62);  and it charged the defendants with the intentional infliction of emotional distress (app. at 63)."
"18" "concerning the procedural due process claim, plaintiffs allege that \"arbitrary, capricious and unlawful summary discipline\" is administered and that no \"code of in jail behavior\" exists."
"19" "\"what the evidence in th[is] case must show beyond a reasonable doubt, in order to establish proof that a conspiracy existed,\" the court stated, \"is that the members in some way or some manner, or through some contrivance, positively or tacitly came to a mutual understanding to try to accomplish a common and unlawful plan.\""
"20" "19       we conclude that the board's failure to conduct a hearing was arbitrary, capricious, and unlawful."
